{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Next projects:\
\
After that, take sobochinskis, et al, paper on REWRITING MODULE SM and their idea of hyper graphs to describe string diagrams and tackle it with Rewrite category.  I think hyper graphs can be described as some sort of slice category in Graph (maybe) like a Petri net where the transitions are the hyper edges.  Then if it\'92s a topos, we can apply Rewrite to it.  Don\'92t forget that hyper graphs are some sort of span.  See the nLab page for spans for more info.\
\
-----------\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 in much of algebra, PDE, whatever, we get some sort of 'solution space' (with emphasis on the word 'space') for a given set of equations//functions//whatever.\'a0 what if we treat axioms this way too and the "algebras" that satisfy the axioms *are* the points of the solution space and the cohesion is given by the morphisms between the algebras
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
-----------\
\

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 morphisms can be co or contra vartient.\'a0 For instance, group morphisms preserve the multiplication hence covariant and topolocial spaces reflect open sets, hence contrvarient.\'a0 Maybe some of the weirdness of the topological spaces categories have to do with this contravarience.\'a0 How nice is the opposite category?\'a0 Can it be more topos like?\'a0\
\
How is this related to pre-sheaves being on opposite categories?\
}